Next on PIJN News,
Dr. Chaps reports on these important issues.
Today's show we have exciting interviews
with missionaries and pastors and ministries
that are active in the world of missions.
Jesus said in Matthew 28,
"Go into all the world and preach the gospel."
These people are doing exactly that.
Former Navy Chaplain, Gordon James Klingenschmitt
took a stand to defend religious freedom
by daring to pray publicly in Jesus' name.
Now he helps you by reporting the news,
discerning the spirits and praying the scriptures.
Would you pray with us?
Here's Dr. Chaps.
God bless you in Jesus' name.
My name is Chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt, Dr. Chaps,
and you're watching PIJN News.
On this show, we like to do three things.
We report the news, we discern the spirits
and we pray the scriptures in Jesus' name.
In a few minutes, we'll have my interviews
from the International Conference on Mission,
particularly with Sue Becker of Real Bread Outreach
and Tim Stapleton of Team Expansion.
But first the news.
An alarming report confirms that 50% of American women
of a certain age, if they don't have children yet,
say that they don't want children
if they're under 50 years old.
This story, unfortunately, comes from LifeSite News,
who reports more than 50% of women
who are under the age of 50, if they don't have
children,
they say they have no desire to become mothers,
as the nation's fertility rate has reached an all-time
low,
according to American Family Survey.
This past summer, federal data also confirms
that the fertility rate in the United States
has dropped to an all-time low
of less than 1.6 children per woman.
That rate is below the 2.1 births per woman
that are needed to maintain a stable population.
And data from the Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention National Center for Health Statistics
show that America's general fertility rate,
that is the number of births per 1,000 females
who are of birthing age between 15 and 44,
the number of births has now fallen by another 16%.
Age-specific birth rates have declined for females
in groups 15 to 34, remaining unchanged for older women
between 35 and 39, and increasing for women of 40 to 44.
So young women are deciding they never wanna get
pregnant,
then when they're 35, they start to show interest,
and then when they're 40 to 44,
they're really interested because it's too late.
CDC says the following, quote,
"Among the general public, only a quarter of Americans
say that they believe the country is having too few
babies,
and a third of the population admits they don't know
whether there are too many or too few or the right
amount."
End quote.
Only 45% of respondents, females under age 50,
in the study who don't have children,
expressed any interest in becoming parents in the
future.
45% of women under 50 say,
"Ah, maybe I want to have children."
Of that, some 38% stated that they did not want
children,
and the remainder were undecided.
Regarding men, 50% of the men under age 50
who are not yet fathers said
that they would like to have children.
Only 40% of women said the same.
So men do have some interest in fathering,
women have less interest in mothering.
Some 31% of women stated
that they definitely do not want children.
Another recent report by Pew Research
highlighted the share of 12th graders,
like high school seniors, who say,
"Yeah, I plan to get married."
No, that's actually declined precipitously among young
girls
and fewer of them are interested in having children as
well.
That's the news.
Our thanks to LifeSite News for that report.
Okay, two observations,
just reports that I've recently read from random
sources.
One in six Americans are residents in America,
whether they're citizens or not.
One in six were not born in America.
That's the highest percent
that has ever been in American history.
They were not born in America.
So if mothers here are not willing to have children,
guess where everyone else is coming from?
It's immigration.
Just an observation, for order against it,
you form your own opinion.
It's an all time high when Joe Biden opened the flood
gates
with two million new social securities numbers
issued to foreigners in the last year of Biden's
presidency.
The second item is that Poland, as a nation,
has just decided to provide tax incentives
to any young couple that has two children,
you have an exemption from income tax.
Well, guess what's happening in Poland?
Capitalism is taking off, the economy is taking off,
jobs are everywhere,
and young families are having more children
because the government is incentivizing work
by giving you an income tax break.
No income tax in Poland if your family has two children.
They're monetizing it.
So my thought is the American government policies
are actually incentivizing childlessness.
And it's a government issue.
Let's pray about this.
The Bible says this in Psalm 127,
"Behold, children are a heritage from the Lord.
The fruit of the womb is a reward.
Like arrows in the hand of a warrior,
so are the children of one's youth.
Happy is the man who has his quiver full of them.
They shall not be ashamed,
but they shall speak with their enemies in the gate."
Let us pray.
Father in heaven, we pray for America
and for the women who are discouraged,
who feel like they've been overworked
and made to win the bread and make the bread
and feed the babies.
Where are the men?
And where is our responsibility to care
and provide for them so that they can feel safe at home
and want to grow their families?
Father, we take responsibility as Americans
for the future of our own nation.
God bless our mentality for children in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Let's take a short break.
When we come back, I have interviews from ICOM.
Giving you a megaphone in Washington, DC.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
They told me, "Don't give away the store, Dr. Chaps."
No, I'm giving away the store.
Today we're gonna show you how to get $500 worth
of our teaching videos, normally sold on DVD for $500,
instead just $10 a month online.
We have a new feature on our website,
PrayInJesusName.org, called the Persuaders Club.
It's based on 2 Corinthians 5,
knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade
men.
You can join the Persuaders Club today
at three different levels, for four bucks a month.
As a regular sponsor, you get secret, back-end news
access
to the videos that are too hot for YouTube.
For $10 a month, or $9.99, we're gonna give you
all of our teaching series, The Discerning of Spirits,
The Coming Apocalypse.
10 different teaching series, normally sells for $500,
just $10 a month, when you join at the premium level.
Or for a one-time donation of $1,000,
you can have lifetime access.
Join the Persuaders Club today.
Visit PrayInJesusName.org.
Do you need a physical or spiritual healing?
Are you being tested or tried?
When Jesus needed to pray,
he went to the Garden of Gethsemane.
Do you need to really connect with God?
If you're visiting Colorado Springs,
come see the Gateway Prayer Garden,
just south of the city, along Interstate 25.
Walk our prayer trails among the trees,
by the beautiful Fountain Creek.
Stand at the foot of our large cross,
and connect with Jesus.
Enter our life-size replica of the empty tomb,
and spend time reading key Bible verses etched in stone,
along our ground cross, as big as a football field.
Join our worship gatherings, and plan to attend
our annual Easter Sunrise Worship Service.
We're located off I-25, exit 132A,
at 8035 Bandley Road, just north of the KOA campground.
Experience Jesus at GatewayPrayerGarden.org.
That's GatewayPrayerGarden.org.
(gentle music)
Exposing the fruitless deeds of darkness,
here's Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps.
We're at the ICOM Conference in Atlanta, Georgia,
with my new friend, Sue Becker,
is with RealBreadOutreach.com.
Did I say that right?
You said it right, you did great.
So this is a bread baker.
Now, I already have affinity, because my grandfather
was a blue collar baker in Buffalo, New York,
for most of his adult life.
Worked two jobs, put his only son through college,
and fed the city of Buffalo with Real Bread products
back in the day.
Now, you have a different approach.
Yes, we do.
So we start with the whole grain,
instead of commercial processed flour.
We start with the whole grain, and we teach people
the health benefits and the nutrition of freshly milling
that grain just before, and making your own flour at
home.
We have a for-profit business, Bread Becker's,
that we sell a grain mill that sits on your counter at
home,
and you mill your own flour, you make your bread,
it retains all the nutritional value.
So I shouldn't buy Wonder Bread at the store?
No, you should not.
Oh, gosh. It's death in a bag.
But it's good with bologna.
Oh, but our Real Bread, have you seen our Real Bread?
It's amazing. Let's take a look
at the Real Bread.
Yes. I'm not gonna touch it,
but would you like describe what's different?
So this was wheat yesterday morning when I made it.
Wheat. I milled it into flour.
Yes, hard red wheat and hard white wheat.
I milled it into flour.
I kneaded it into bread dough, and I baked the loaf.
So it's all from freshly ground whole grain.
What does the mill look like?
It has a couple of stones that roll around?
No, ours is actually, it's just a little hourglass
shaped machine.
It's a grain.
Yes, it has stainless steel milling heads in it.
It mills a pound of flour in less than 30 seconds
and comes out into a grain canister.
Do you sell those machines?
We do at breadbeckers.com, yes.
But okay, spell that in case someone
might happen to buy one.
Bread, B-R-E-A-D, Becker's, like our last name,
B-E-C-K-E-R-S.com.
Breadbeckers.com to buy the milling machine.
You put the wheat in the top,
the flour comes out the bottom.
In a canister, yeah.
Why is that better?
Because once grain, grain is storable,
it's a seed, right?
God gave us seeds for food.
Left whole and intact, the nutrients are retained
almost forever, okay?
But once you mill that grain into flour,
that grain is loaded with vitamin E,
fats and oils are down in the germ,
lots of B vitamins, proteins, all these nutrients.
But once they get exposed to the air,
oxidation begins to take place
and you start losing some of those vital nutrients.
So if your bread sat on a shelf for a month,
it's got no nutritional value.
Well, it's not yet.
Well, only because what happened is flour is spoiled.
It's not storable.
So they knew that back in the late 1800s,
they went, hmm, if we take all the nutrients
from the bran and the oil-laden germ,
if we take that away and leave only the white flour
part,
the endosperm, the protein and starch,
this flour will store forever.
So it led to the invention of huge steel rolling mills
that would sift the bran and germ out,
produce massive volumes of this long-lasting white
flour.
Oh my gosh.
Changed America, particularly forever.
Don't buy a bag of flour.
Exactly.
It's been sitting there for months.
It's lost its nutritional value.
Instead, you buy the seeds, you buy the wheat.
And mill it yourself.
You can mill it yourself
and that's instant nutrition in real bread.
Okay, I think I've got the concept.
Tell me about Haiti and Tanzania.
You've turned this into a missionary enterprise.
Yes, so in 2007, after traveling and speaking
on the nutritional benefits and having thousands
of testimonies of people coming to me and saying,
it's the bread, that's all I changed,
and this, this, my cholesterol dropped,
my blood sugar stabilized, irritable bowel, completely
gone,
I started going, I gotta get this into the hands
of people that truly can't afford it.
Some of us will say, I can't afford it, I don't have
time.
Most people do, but some truly can't.
So in 2007, I started a ministry called Real Bread Outreach
to get grain mills and grain into the hands of those
that would take the time to mill the flour.
Their lives changed, their health changed, and so--
Tell us about the starving school children in Haiti.
Yep, so--
You have been there 15 times.
Yes, so in 2007, that's when I started the ministry.
2016, I was asked to come to Haiti.
Pastor Jumi Septembre, that's here with me this weekend,
he reached out to me and said,
I have starving school children.
I can't afford to feed them a meal,
but I've heard your teaching on the nutritional
benefits
of the whole grain.
All but four nutrients that we need to sustain life
and health are in wheat.
Wow, he said, so I can mill this flour, make some bread,
give these school children a roll.
That might be the most nutrient-dense thing
they get all day.
So I made my first trip in 2016.
I did 15 trips over the course of the next couple of
years,
training a group of young men that lived
in the first orphanage where I worked with,
and they were making bread to feed the 500 school
children
and the 150 orphans that lived there.
And they were getting up before school
and making all this bread, and it was a real blessing.
How many thousands of children have been fed?
Oh, golly, I don't know, thousands every year.
I mean--
This reminds me of when Jesus was on the hillside.
Yep. Right?
He took how many, five loaves and two fishes?
Five loaves and two fishes, yeah.
And he multiplied to thousands of people were eating.
Yeah.
That's what Sue Becker is doing.
Okay, tell people how they can support
the ministry part of this.
Yeah, so realbreadoutreach.com is our ministry,
and we are now, like I said, we built a bakery as well
in Gonaives, Haiti, and they're feeding
12 to 1300 school children in the community every day.
We've reached out, we built a bakery in Tanzania.
They're feeding, they're making 150 to 200 loaves a day
feeding the community, and we've started
a pastors feeding program.
A little over 100 people are getting fed each month
grains and beans, and so this is a great ministry,
great outreach, there's no employees,
everything goes to the ministry.
So realbreadoutreach.com, we would love your monthly
support
or any kind of support.
If somebody signed up at $25 a month,
where would the money go?
It would go straight to one of the pastors in Tanzania.
It takes $25 a month, it's 10 pounds of rice,
five pounds of beans, five pounds of corn,
five pounds of wheat, a liter of oil,
some sugar and some salt, and they get that every month.
That could feed a whole village.
Well, it feeds one person for a whole month.
Okay, one person.
Some of the pastors have families,
so that would just be for him.
So some, it's $100 for the family,
and you can go online and see some of the pastors
and their families and how many people are in that
family.
So you could sponsor a family if you wanted to,
but the main thing I just want people to know is
the ministry is self-funded, or, well, it's not self-funded,
it's funded, there's no paid employees,
we have no overhead, I operate out of my home,
so everything is gonna go straight to where you want it
to.
I'm gonna show the website and the QR code.
This is realbreadoutreach.com.
Again, realbreadoutreach.com.
And your theme verse is Isaiah 58, what is that?
It says that if you supply the people with food,
that then you will rise, shine like,
I'm sorry, I'm talking about, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like a loaf of bread, that's pretty good.
Okay, this is Sue Becker, I'm honored to meet you.
Congratulations on your success.
I'm Dr. Chaps, we'll be right back.
This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
You know, Jesus taught the parable about sowing the
seed,
and you don't want it wasted, you want it to grow
with 30, 60, 100 fold for the kingdom of Jesus Christ.
I'll tell you three mission areas that we're doing here
at Pray In Jesus Name.
I think our charity does more with less
than any other charity I know.
We are fertile seed.
For example, number one, we pray in millions
of television homes every day or every weekend
on eight networks, we have 2.5 billion home TV
impressions
every month.
The second area, we feed orphans and children
in some of the poorest slums overseas.
We're building a new vocational school, we're digging
wells,
and we're serving the poor when you give
to Pray In Jesus Name.
Number three, we defend religious freedom,
especially for our troops and our chaplains.
We've now helped send five million petitions to
Congress.
We've helped change bad laws or policies in 13 states
and four times in federal law.
You know my story, as a former Navy chaplain,
standing up for the right to pray in Jesus name
and defending religious freedom.
Would you donate today?
In fact, we want you to come up monthly pledge sponsor.
When you visit PrayInJesusName.org,
on the right side, click the monthly pledge sponsor
button
at PrayInJesusName.org.
Your monthly gift will help change the world in Jesus
name.
Empowering you, the grassroots activist.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
(upbeat music)
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps.
We're in Atlanta, Georgia at the ICOM Conference,
and it's about missions.
And I'm introducing my new friend, Nate Reeves,
is with Asian Partners International Incorporated,
apii.org is the website.
Nate, welcome to the program.
Oh, thank you for having me, Dr. Gordon, appreciate it.
So you look American like me, right?
Yes.
But you've been to India so many times
that you've adopted two children from India.
Yes, first trip was in 2011.
And on the trip over there,
we were doing women's conferences,
some discipleship training.
And I was there at the time with my girlfriend,
and just felt the Holy Spirit come over me
and asked her to marry me.
Proposed to her.
Proposed to her on a train in India.
And then we adopted two children from there as well
because of the friendships we've cultivated
and God really shaped our heart for India.
So that's a big responsibility of our life is through
India.
So now you're a spokesman for this international
ministry
by Victor John,
and it's called Asian Partners International Inc,
apii.org.
What is that?
Yes, so Victor's actually just a friend of the ministry,
but APII is a movement that we've done
where we work with people in the northern parts of
India,
where it's just a discipleship making movement.
It's primarily focused through meeting the needs
of a community first.
So the Luke 10 model, going in there,
finding out where the needs are, meeting those needs,
whether that's through women empowerment,
teaching them about microfinance loans,
training them up that way,
meeting the needs of children who don't have any
education,
getting kids off the railway stations,
and then meeting the needs of those families,
bringing them in,
and they find out about the love of Christ,
which is the whole reason that we're there.
And then through that, house fellowships get cultivated,
people get to come to know the name of Jesus,
and this has been going on since 1997.
So 1997, that's like 25 years now, almost 30 years.
Yeah, just about 30 years and a couple of years here.
That's incredible.
So you have been how many times?
So I have been between the adoptions
and the trips over there, I've been five times.
Five times? Yeah.
I've been to India six times.
Okay, you bested me.
Well, no, it's not a contest, but it kind of is, isn't
it?
Oh yeah, it's so funny talking about the trials.
Everyone ought to go at least once to India.
I think Bill Clinton once gave a speech at the Taj Mahal.
He said, "There's two kinds of people in the world,
people who have seen the Taj Mahal
and people who have never seen the Taj Mahal."
And North India is where it's at.
This is the radically Hindu North,
and that's where the red states are,
and they're passing anti-conversion laws.
There's a lot of persecution of Christians,
but APII is going in humbly with food or with education.
And eventually people do come to Christ
'cause they see that we have some love to offer
and everyone needs love.
What is your experience,
like when you're in the trenches ministering,
what do you see?
Yeah, it's a great question.
One of the most obvious things
is when you look into the eyes
and you find hope for the first time in some people
when they hear the gospel,
you're dealing with a lot of impoverished communities.
The Hindu faith is prevalent.
And so a lot of the Hindu faith that we've experienced
is people that have a hopelessness about it, right?
The life that they have
is the life that they've been designated.
And because of the belief in the reincarnation,
if you don't live it faithfully in that way, then...
It's fatalism.
You cannot change your destiny.
Not at all.
Because you sinned in a previous life,
you came back in this life with poverty
and it's your fault.
We're not gonna help you.
That's their attitude.
But we come in with the opposite attitude
that you are important to God,
that God designed you in his image,
that you're not being punished, but we can help you.
And Jesus gives you a better future.
Totally different message.
Absolutely different message.
And because of that,
you go from hopelessness to hopefulness
and they find out about Jesus.
They find out that there is purpose in this world,
that he designed them, he loves them,
he sent Jesus for them and that changes everything.
And so it's beautiful to see the eyes light up,
the purpose moving forward.
Then they bring their friends in
and it transforms a community
and it transforms their family.
And then they move on to the next village
and do the same thing and they replicate it,
which is the DMM, the Discipleship Making Movement.
You mentioned Discipleship Making Movement, DMM.
This is like a house churches with Bible studies?
Yeah, so what they do is,
because of the anti-conversion laws,
technically we don't convert anybody
because what we're doing is just living in such a way
that the gospel becomes attractive
because the people are attracted
because they're doing everything
with just meeting needs in the community, right?
And so what this eventually does is
they get coming to a congregation,
which is about a house fellowship
of roughly 30 to 40 people.
And they sit around with songs and praise to worship.
They get their Bibles out.
But a lot of our communities
don't have Bibles translated yet.
They have the languages roughly,
but what we're noticing is
there's so many different dialects of certain languages
that it's not necessarily translating perfectly well.
So there's a lot of organizations that we're working
with
to try and figure out, okay,
how do we make this Bible make sense
to the context in which they live?
And so navigating some of that,
so the chapters that we do have,
we don't wait for the entire New Testament
to be translated.
Let's say we've got John 15 translated,
which some CLCs, which is our community learning
centers,
some of them do have those Bibles translated.
So they've got John 15 translated.
Well, we're just gonna teach John 15 over and over
again
till we get John 16 next,
till we get John 17.
They don't even have the full gospel of John
in their own language.
Not yet.
So what we do is they'll have an oratory, right?
So then they have a memorization of it
and they'll recite it to you
because they've heard it so many times.
So it's really this Bible memorization that's going on.
It's pretty neat. Wow.
Just imagine if there were translators
who could put the entire New Testament in their
language
and even orally,
'cause a lot of them are auditory learners
and it's hard for them to read in English
or in their own language.
But once they hear the gospel,
they hear the teachings of Jesus, they memorize it.
They're so excited to share it with their friends.
And that's how the DMM movement really has taken off
all over India.
Yes, it's a beautiful thing and a very humbling thing,
especially being over here in America
and then being able to open up your Bible freely,
know what it says,
and then knowing at the same time
that I'm praying over my Bible,
the people that are overseas there
are receiving it in such a different way.
It's beautiful.
So discover how you can accelerate the movement.
I'm gonna hold up a QR code here,
but if you don't know what that is,
you can just visit the website, apii.org.
Again, that's A-P-I-I dot O-R-G.
If somebody from our TV show, if they donated $1,000,
how would it be used?
Yeah, so $1,000 would be massive
because what it takes roughly is about,
for a CLC like I mentioned,
breaks down to eight house fellowships,
which breaks down into about 320 people
coming to know Jesus through that.
So a house fellowship's about $400.
So $1,000 would put about two and a half
house fellowships together,
which would meet the needs of,
I'm really bad at math here,
but I think about 160 people,
which would be incredible. Wonderful.
Yeah, so really just another church plant.
You can plant two and a half churches in Northern India
for your gift of $1,000 today.
Don't give to us.
We want you to give to apii.org.
This is Nate Reeves.
I'll give you the last word
and maybe you could pray us out.
Absolutely, thank you, Dr. Gordon.
Thank you to those of you that are out there.
Thank you for the work that you're doing.
And I just wanna express my gratitude
to people like you that have a heart for missions
and whatever context that might be for you.
For me, it was India, but there's a big world out there.
And I just wanna thank you for this interview, your
time.
And thank you, Dr. Gordon,
for allowing this opportunity for me.
Amen. Really appreciate it.
Okay, let's pray.
Father in heaven, we pray your blessing
upon the people of North India
that are being reached through this ministry
and other DMM movements.
Father, we pray that your gospel will multiply,
that every soul will be saved
and everyone have a chance to choose for themselves
if Jesus will convert them.
And we pray that Jesus, you are the kingdom kings
and Lord of lords that you bless
and call your people home to you.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Amen.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
If you need prayer today, call us at 866-Obey-God.
To learn more about what we're doing in India,
you can visit PrayInJesusName.org.
We'll see you next time.
Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the
air.
Would you please send your best financial donation
today?
Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online
or you can mail a check to Pray In Jesus Name Ministries,
Post Office Box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970.
You can also call us toll free right now.
866-Obey-God, that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.